alright let's talk about the oneplus
Nord this has got to be one of the most
interesting phones for me that's going
to come out this year not just for the
phone itself but the whole idea behind
it so when the 1 + 8 + 8 Pro launched
there were rumors that there will be a
third variant called the oneplus 8 light
it didn't come out and then after that
people are saying that there was going
to be a cheap thing called the 1 plus Z
didn't come out and now we have it
oneplus has officially stated it's gonna
be called the oneplus Nord now if you
look at their Instagram page it's like
the only marketing stuff they have out
so far on it but it is clearly different
from the regular oneplus stuff right
oneplus marketing materials normally
focus on like speed and performance like
it's normally for this very tech-savvy
audience a very feature demanding
audience this stuff on the new oneplus
Nord material feels different it feels
lighter it feels like it's for a younger
crowd and the big thing the big feature
is really price now I don't know how I
feel about them using teal which is the
best color in the world to represent a
cheaper inferior product line right teal
should be associated with the best stuff
in the world not red
so if you look at the rumoured specs it
looks pretty decked out right the
processor isn't the fastest thing out
there but nothing really sticks out as
being inadequate there's no wireless
charging supposedly but the overall
phone specs are on point the thing with
the 1 + 8 and the 8 pro phones the focus
of this phone the focus of these phones
has always been speed right you see it
in the marketing campaigns with the
oneplus Nord it really seems focused on
price and that's become a thing like if
you look at 1 + as pricing over the
years I've talked about this in every
single one of my recent oneplus videos
their pricing has creeped up over theirs
and you really see it in the comments
right every year there's just an
increasing number of comments from you
guys that are like the pricing is just
insane it's bonkers how is this stuff
eight $900 $1,000 they've become really
expensive so for oneplus to kind of
reset and go back to the roots of these
inexpensive phones it's something
special so here we are at the cusp of
yet another one + phone launch but this
time it's supposed to be priced below
500 bucks
my guess is going to between like 350
and 400 bucks depending on the region
and exchange rate but
that's my personal guess it's gonna be
relatively inexpensive there is however
a caveat to all this I mean it all
sounded too good to be true right a 1
plus phone for $350
the stipulation is availability it's
going to launch in India and Europe
first and then later a limited beta
program in North America so if you live
in the US or Canada and you want this
thing the moment it's available when it
does come out for that limited beta
thing you got again on it right away
because I think it's gonna move super
fast and it kind of makes sense in terms
of their launch strategy like to hit up
India and Europe first because though
like they just have such a strong fan
base there people love them there so it
makes sense hit the tried and tested
markets first and then expand elsewhere
like India already has a hardcore fan
base for oneplus as regular priced
phones I can only imagine what it'll be
like for a cheap one plus phone it'll be
on another level so here's the thing the
question that I feel like everyone's
gonna have is how is this gonna be so
cheap how can they make a 350 to $400
phone with those type of specs right I
don't care what kind of economies of
scale are happening that is a super
inexpensive phone for what you're
getting and the profit margin is gonna
be crazy thin so here's my theory I
think just the the parent company or the
sister a brother company Oppo BBK
whatever it is I think they're gonna
foot the bill I think they're gonna eat
the cost and do whatever it takes to
make the oneplus Nord happen now the
question is why right why get into the
business of making smart phones with
very slim margins why get into the
business of doing the whole thing over
again right I feel like they did this in
two thousand or fourteen are they gonna
just bump up the price year and year
again like what's what's the endgame
here I think that one plus has gone to a
stage it's not just one plus the whole
smartphone industry has gone to the
point where hardware has become it's
just become less valuable it's gone to
the point where ecosystems and and like
you the best thing is to get customers
hooked onto a brand the way that Apple
does it right you have your phones but
you have million services to sell them
you have million other products to sell
them
one-plus right now is in a position with
all they can do is sell hardware like
the current one plus I think one plus
Nord is designed to build a user base to
expand their user base as wide as
possible so they can start selling
services and products to just to keep
the thing going to keep the business
model going so I mean this is all
speculative right but if you think about
it they're not gonna just repeat exactly
what they did with the first one plus
phones right they're not gonna you know
with the next year when one plus Nord 2
comes out in the Nord 3 then I'm just
gonna creep up the price the load be the
point of that
it'd be like that'd be super boring I
feel like Karl Karl pay the guy that's
behind this whole thing
he's a smart dude he loves he loves
startups and I feel like this is his
plan it's just like you you grow one
plus to be more than one plus could ever
be with just their premium brand because
this isn't just another one plus product
this doesn't sit on the shelf with the 1
+ 8 and the 1 + 8 Pro this is a
completely new branch for oneplus so
we've seen phones like the PACU phones
and redmi phones from xiaomi that do
something similar in the sense that
they're like a offshoot lower budget
line of phone but the oneplus nord feels
it feels different I feel like it'll
actually you know what forget what I
feel I don't know what you guys think
because I like personally I'm clearly
interested in this phone I think it's
gonna do well I I'm and I'm really
curious to see what the impact of a
phone that's priced like this does in
the current landscape but what do you
guys think do you think this will do
well are you interested if you're in
India if you're in Europe are you gonna
pick this up because it's from a North
Americans perspective that's sitting
here hoping that we can get them this
seems like an incredible phone for the
money okay hope you guys enjoyed this
video thumbs if you liked it
subs have you loved it I'll see you guys
next time
[Music]